{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Version 1.05 (Build 5)\
- fixed an Issue when returning from player List in Settings\
- fixed a problem with orientation of green Line\
- new levels: 3 x 3, 3 x 4, 3 x 5, 3 x 6, 4 x 4, 4 x 5, 4 x 6, 4 x 7, 5 x 5, 5 x 6, 5 x 7, 5 x 8, 6 x 6, 6 x 7, 6 x 8, 6 x 9, 7 x 7, 7 x 8, 7 x 9, 7 x 10, 8 x 8, 8 x 9, 8 x 10, 9 x 9, 9 x 10, 10 x 10\
- 1, 2, 3 or 4 Card packages for each column x row pair (total 104 levels!)\
\
Version 1.06 (Build 6)\
- fixed an issue when playing with 2 or more packages\
- extended with auto player\
\
\
Version 1.07 (Build 7)\
- improving stability problems\
- splitting levels / Card packs. On each level 1, 2, 3, or 4 card packs. Total 26 levels. On each level 9999 games.\
- generating of new games: 5 games on the actual level, followed by increasing level. After reaching level 26 starts again level 1 with 2 Card packs. (5 games pro level). After reaching level 26 starts the same again with 3, then with 4 card packs.\
- New displaying art of statistics and choosing level: for each level displays the card pack counts (1, 2, 3, 4) and the number of played games. By choosing a level: tap the the selected level / card pack couple to start a new game. By statistics: tap the desired level / card package couple to show all played games for this couple. For replaying a game tap the right arrow in the line, showing the game.\
\
Version 1.08 (Build 8)\
- fixed an issue when started a game from Statistic\
- fixed a bug that by some games with 3 and 4 card packs prevented the ending of the game.  \
\
Version 1.23 (Build  14)\
- fixed an issue on 32 bit devices, that caused a crash at launching\
- card sizes for iPhone calculated dynamic\
\
Version 1.25 (Build 16)\
- fixed an issue that caused a crash when the Tipps Button tapped\
- card sizes for iPhone optimised\
- the music player can be used now while running the app\
\
Version 1.27 (Build 18)\
- fixed an issue in Statistic\
- button names are now indicated\
\
Version 1.28 (Build 19)\
- fixed a issue in competition: from now on several pairs of players can play without problem in the same Wifi network  (always 2 players play with each other). \
- the "Competition" menu item is from now on always displayed.\
- new menu item in Settings "Write a review in App Store"\
\
Version 2.0 (Build 20)\
- updated for iOS11\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}